I am Yejide, a Servant mother. I assist young women, ages 18to 25 years old, to graduate from college and gain self-sufficiency, using the power of God. I am good at what I do. Welcome to my space in the cyber world. I intend to use this cyberspace to tell my truth and get the help I need to live the life of service I desire to live. I am seeking the attention and support of a particular group of people on the planet: Googlers. I intend to create, in this space, an environment that inspires the geeks who are Googlers to share their influence with me, in order to meet my goal: To use Google products to inspire 1 million people to donate $50 to see my dream come true IRL. 

Why Googlers, specifically? Aside from the fact, that they generally are some cool ass people using technology to do some cool ass stuff in the world . . . The very first time I spoke my goal in public, I was standing in a Grow with Google event, at the Mellwood Art and Entertainment Center in Louisville, Ky back in March of 2018.https://grow.google/events/louisville/ Interesting fact: I just (Jan. 2021) watched that video and saw MYSELF, in the background, just over the shoulder of the mayor of the city, as he was being interviewed. I assume the video has been up since at least April of 2018, it is my first time seeing it. One more way for the Universe to confirm I am on the right path.

While at the Grow with Google event, through a set of unusual incidents, I found myself in front of a camera, speaking my goal. “To use Google products to inspire 1 million people to donate $5 to see my dream come true.” When the filming was done, the cameraman Michael, (I regret that I did not get his last name, I was so shocked at his response) handed me twenty dollars. I still have that $20.00 dollar bill and when the campaign that comes from this creation process launches, it WILL start with the #2 because his donation will be recorded first. His reaction and response confirmed for me that I could be successful at achieving my goal. It has taken me this long to heal and gain the strength to believe in myself and my talents as much as I do in those I serve in my community.
